Makefile now generates manifests directly in Helm sub-repo (#75)
otterize/intents-operator: src/operator/config/README.md

> Files in this folder are auto generated and are tracked by git to be available for testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files in this folder are auto generated. When deploying the intents operator, the manifests from the Helm chart, which is a submodule, are used. When testing, these manifests are used.
```
